Doc suggestions (#809)
EventStore/documentation: docs/README.md

- text: Start building
  icon: file-icons:easybuild
  link: /clients/grpc/getting-started.html
  
highlights:
  - header: Jump start development
    highlights:
    - title: Start immediately with Kurrent Cloud

>       details: Sign in to Cloud Console and spin up a cluster with your cloud provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      details: Sign in to Kurrent Cloud and spin up a cluster in AWS, Azure, or GCP.
```
